.. _release_4.3.0:

4.3.0
=====

* Add new dashboard widget: last 5 `syslog` messages.
* Add full `multisite support <https://wp-fail2ban.com/features/multisite-networks/?utm_source=docs.wp-fail2ban.com&utm_medium=4.3&utm_campaign=4.3.0>`_.
* Add `username login blocking <https://wp-fail2ban.com/features/block-username-logins/?utm_source=docs.wp-fail2ban.com&utm_medium=4.3&utm_campaign=4.3.0>`_ (force login with email).
* Add `separate logging <https://wp-fail2ban.com/features/empty-username-logging/?utm_source=docs.wp-fail2ban.com&utm_medium=4.3&utm_campaign=4.3.0>`_ for login attempts with an empty username.
* Improve `user enumeration blocking <https://wp-fail2ban.com/features/block-user-enumeration/?utm_source=docs.wp-fail2ban.com&utm_medium=4.3&utm_campaign=4.3.0>`_ compatibility with the WordPress block editor (Gutenberg).
* Bump the minimum PHP version to 5.6.

Patches
-------

4.3.0.1
^^^^^^^

.. rubric:: Premium Only

* Fix issue when `WP_FAIL2BAN_BLOCK_USERNAME_LOGIN` enabled and `WP_FAIL2BAN_BLOCKED_USERS` not configured.

4.3.0.2
^^^^^^^

.. rubric:: Premium Only

* Fix issue where some events weren't logged.

4.3.0.3
^^^^^^^

.. rubric:: Premium Only

* Fix incorrect total for Event Log.
* Fix database renumber for Pingbacks.

4.3.0.4
^^^^^^^

* Fix plugin event registration.
* Add colour to "Last 5 Messages" dashboard widget.

4.3.0.5
^^^^^^^

* Fix empty username detection for multisite.
* Fix harmless warning when activating new multisite install.
* Fix esoteric edge-case where `wp-load.php` is loaded via a script run from the CLI in a directory with a `functions.php` file.

4.3.0.6
^^^^^^^

* Fix Forbidden error on Posts page for roles below Editor when user enum blocking enabled. [WordPress only]

Upgrade
-------

To take advantage of the new features you will need up update your `fail2ban` filters; existing filters will continue to work as before. **Premium users:** Please backup your database before upgrading.

